Manjaro Awesome WM Respin
=========================

Manjaro Awesome WM Respin -codenamed Cesious- is a respin of [Manjaro
Linux](http://manjaro.org/).  Instead of using a general Desktop Envirnoment, it
uses the very powerful dynamic tiling window manager [awesome
WM](http://awesome.naquadah.org/). This respin is mainly targetted at people
who are new to tiling WMs, or experienced people who want to have a fully
functional system after the installation.

Note that this project is still in heavy development, so things might change a
lot with each release. Note however that Manjaro Linux uses a rolling release
development model, so simply updating the system with pacman will keep you up
to date.  Although it's recommended to take a look at the changelog sometimes,
as certain scripts might get improved over time.

This respin uses the same numbering system as the official Manjaro Linux
versions, with the addition of a -bX tag, meaning beta number X. When I'm happy
with the respin as it is and devlopment slows down, those tags will be removed.
Even though the current release is labeled as beta, it should be stable enough
to work on an actual system. Although - as with each Linux distribution - this
is still done at your own risk.

If you've tested this release, please share me your feedback so I can keep
improving this respin. You can do this in the [official forum
thread](http://forum.manjaro.org/index.php?topic=7315.0) of this respin on the
Manjaro Linux Forums.

Download
--------
If you're interested and want to give it a try, then you can visit the
[SourceForge page](http://sourceforge.net/projects/manjaro-awesome-respin/) to
download this respin. There's a .iso for both x86_64 and i686 systems.
